### Contributing Guide
Thank you for your interest in helping with this little project! Follow these simple instructions to add a language, but first, here are some rules on what can be added.
1. There should be one main solution per programming language. It should be the most efficient method, while still following the best practices for that language.
2. Alternative solutions must take a new approach to the problem or add new features. If a solution is too similar to the main one, the pull request may be closed. Some examples of adding new features would be color coding output. ([Example](programs/alternative%20Programs/p/python3_colored.py))
#### Adding a solution
1. Fork & clone the repo to your local machine ([How to fork & clone a repo](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/working-with-forks/fork-a-repo))
2. Open the repo in a code editor, and navigate to the [program's folder](programs/). Then go to the folder with the first letter of the programming language you are adding, if it does not exist, create a folder with the name as a lowercase letter.
3. Create a new file for your program. The name should be the name of the language, it should not be too shortened, but it should not be too long either. Some examples of names of programs would be ```python3.py```,```java8.java```, ```go.go```, or ```tibasic.8xp```.
4. Create your program and ensure it is an efficient solution that follows best practices of your programming language. You may add comments, but it is not required. If you are adding an alternative solution, follow the same process but in the [alternative program's](Programs/alternative%20Programs/) folder.
5. Add the name of your language to the list of new programming languages in the [readme.md](README.md#newest-programing-languages) at the top of the list. Then remove the bottom item on the list, as this list should always be five programming languages long. If you are adding an alternative solution for a language, skip this step. Then, add your name to the [list of contributors in readme.md](README.md#contributors).
6. Add your program to the [programs.md](/Programs/programs.md) file (Or the [alternativeprograms.md](programs/Alternative%20Programs/alternative%20Programs.md) file) by going to the first letter of your program in the file and creating a [relative link](https://github.blog/news-insights/product-news/relative-links-in-markup-files/) to your program.
7. Create a pull request to merge your changes to the main repo ([How to create a pull request](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request?tool=cli)). Make sure to include basic info about the program you are adding in your pull request.